welcome to the man of recaps this is
survivor episode 2 last week amber was
voted off the red tribe she's on the
edge of extinction now and she
bequeathed her fire token to her husband
Boston Rob so when he wakes up with that
in his pack he's pretty sure she's out
he's not happy they voted his wife out
this early and if he finds out it was
Sandra who led the charge against her
and if she voted my wife out this is war
Ben and Denise go Idol hunting Ben was
one of the best idol finders ever that's
how he won his season and with his
coaching Denise finds one in fact this
is one of those idols with two halves
that only works if both people use it
together seems convenient the two of
them found it they each get a half but
actually Ben says no go give it to
someone else bring them in on this
little alliance Denise's closest ally is
Adam so she's telling him about it he
doesn't really trust Ben though so he's
not happy Ben knows about it but she
does give Adam the other half so watch
out for this crew together they've got
an immunity idol over on the red tribe
Kim is looking for idols she felt like
she was on the bottom last weekend
probably is and she finds it decides to
give the other half to Sophie it seems
like him think Sophie is someone she
could work with and uses this to build
trust but it does not work Sophie's like
you should have not trusted me with this
now on the edge of extinction Natalie
and amber are mostly very bored but a
new riddle clue comes up this one's
basically gibberish it doesn't really
say anything but the first letter of
each line spells water well so they
explore the whole island and find
nothing until Natalie finally goes to
get a drink and finds it right there
this one's not a standard immunity idol
they called it safety without power it
allows you to leave the tribal council
before votes making you safe but also
you can't cast your vote she offers to
sell this one to her friend Jeremy who
snaps it right up for one fire token the
one in fact Natalie bequeath to him when
she was voted out so he's back down to
one and Hadleys up to two now over on
the red tribe Yul is trying to knock
down some breadfruit he engineer's a
great little sling thing and yeah pulls
it off good job Tony though wants to
one-up him and starts constructing a
bamboo ladder this scene is hilarious
because this ladder is clearly not
holding together everyone's like come on
Tony you're not actually gonna climb
this thing but he actually climbs it
does not fall and break his neck get
some breadfruit successfully later Tony
and Sarah reconnect they
played on their original season together
and had a cop's R Us Alliance the last
time perhaps arrests happened the other
half of cops r us voted this half of
cops are out of the game but he's like
this time for real cops R Us Alliance
and she knows him a little better now
she's gonna roll a bit then it's time
for this week's immunity challenge it's
a tough one got a drag your wagon loaded
up with chests of puzzle pieces then
disassembled the carts to get it through
this obstacle red team gets to the
puzzle first where Sandra and Sophie are
working on it Boston Rob those really
good at these survivor puzzles he and
Denise catch up quick but in the second
section he slows way down spends a lot
of time trying to plan it out but just
can't get it and it's a blowout by the
red team Rob's not to worry though he
feels pretty safe in his alliances in
fact he's just chillin playing ring on a
hook building that was survivor genius
Rob poverty and Ethan are the core of
the old schoolers alliance Danny was
brought into it last week after she
originally wanted to vote Rob first but
now she's kind of feeling left out of it
starts to get paranoid that they're
gonna turn on her she talks to Ethan and
Ben about it Ethan has to point out Ben
is not in the old school alliance and in
fact it was a secret so the new
schoolers didn't turn on them Dan he's
like whoops
Danny scrambles over to rob the
Godfather's still just chilling playing
ringing a hook she's like hey I think
party's turning on me like let's turn on
her get her out our buddy is Rob's
number one partner though he's not gonna
turn on her right now for Danny who
tried to get him out last week and Adam
rises to the forefront here with a big
plot if Danny thinks they're voting
Parvati but they're really gonna vote
out Danny the new schoolers could get
together and actually vote Parvati get
her out that would be a really big move
and get a huge threat out this early but
it would also kind of blow up the tribe
lines would be drawn right now even with
an old-school new-school alliance they
are all sort of buddy-buddy at tribal
Adams in the forefront again when he
can't get his torch into the hole I
don't know it looked like a hole later
the topic of idols come up and Boston
Rob suggests say I'll just dump out
their bag to prove they don't have it
this is awkward for Denis who has the
idol in her bag but she manages to
sleight of hand it da so no one notices
in the end the votes come out
unanimously against
Danny she blew up her game getting
paranoid and saying too much she's out
here who's she gonna give her fire token
to we haven't really seen who our
closest allies are and she gives it to
Denise who I assume is generally
friendly somewhat she feels she can
trust and not part of the old schoolers
alliance Danny felt just turned on her
what will happen next week looks like
Tony catches a shark with his bare hands
find out next week on Survivor if you
liked this recap hit that subscribe
button I'm bringing you the best recaps
of TV and movies so don't miss out
[Music]